feat(ponder-metadata): make package generic again (#551)
namehash/ensnode: .changeset/eleven-parents-sing.md

---
"@ensnode/ponder-metadata": minor
"ensindexer": minor
"ensadmin": minor
---

> Generalize `ponder-metadata` package and let ENSAdmin to ensure ENSRainbow version info is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generalize `ponder-metadata` package. Add rules to ENSAdmin to ensure ENSRainbow version info is available.
```
